welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode 10 the
Whisperer Gama has come to Alexandria
she knows alpha know she's the traitor
so she's here to defect after the whole
Dante situation though they do not trust
her father Gabriel pulls his priests
powers and makes her confess finally she
admits to them and herself that she
killed her own sister to save alpha
because she was so brainwashed and cuz
she cries they mostly believe her gammas
real name is Mary and she points out
where the mine is they're gonna go out
there in force to rescue their friends
but they get a call that a zombie horde
is coming their way
Rosita is gonna stay behind with just a
few people to leave the defenses she and
father Gabriel are still dating by the
way they had a little fight earlier and
she's having bad dreams about whispers
but they make up and kiss and he gives
her his hat the last episode beta was
sent to find gamma and bring her back he
goes into an RV that has a secret tunnel
underneath it where does this tunnel
lead
oh he's popping out of the grave inside
Alexandria this seems completely
impractical but I mean it's baller he
goes on a Friday the 13th killing spree
taking out random Alexandrians then he
kneels down and waits for them to rise
as zombies boom Walker attack inside
Alexandria
father Gabriel realizes too late that
it's a trap so Alexandria is almost
defenseless baby goes down to gamma cell
like hey alpha wants you alive let's go
luckily she's rescued by this character
whose name I don't know but she's the
one that used to be a savior and is now
one of the leaders balanced Andrea but
when you have a threat as big as beta
you need to kill him immediately because
if you just hold a spear to his neck
he's gonna bust out of that real quick
and kill you now little Judith made
friends with gamma earlier her favorite
hangout spot is right next to the prison
cell Judith's a lot smarter than that
now dead character because she shoots
first and asks questions later
tragically the adults are TV stupid and
don't finish him off immediately because
of course he's fine he was wearing a
bulletproof vest he has a knife fight
with Rosita and he's about to win but
Gama stops and pulls an Orlando Bloom
from the Pirates of the Caribbean movies
Alpha wants me alive so let Rosita go or
I'll kill myself somehow this works beta
is taking him back to their camp but the
rest of the crew comes and finds some
beta has to run off into the woods it
kind of looks like gamma is very guilty
here of being the one who let beta and
Alexandria Father Gabriel seriously
considers killing her but decides that
she's telling the truth so Mary is
accepted as one of them now and
bunch of characters going off the
hilltop for some reason meanwhile
Darrell is searching for another
entrance to the cave to rescue Connie
and Mack now left behind but leaving the
cave right now is alpha with a bunch of
walkers Darrell ambushes them and has a
big fight with alpha you think Darrell
could easily kick alphas butt but he's
distracted by the zombies and plus gets
like blood in his eyes in fact I'm
surprised he can ever see anything with
all the hair in his face they both make
it to a gas station where alpha summons
some zombie friends who pass her by and
attack Darrell manages to take him out
but he's losing a lot of blood so he and
alpha both pass out who should find them
though but alphas daughter Lydia she and
her mama have a talk Alf is like yeah
kill me and take my place and Lydia is
like no I don't really want to be a
whisperer
so Lydia rescues Daryl and dumbly leaves
her mom alive to get vengeance later and
that's how episode 10 comes to an end
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion